my first experience with the my identity
setup was actually this this past year
at South by Southwest in Texas when I
got there I was shown the drums and
there was this awesome camo camouflage
wrapped drum set with these black hoops
and it just looked amazing
and then I get told that that's actually
the kit that I'm gonna be playing about
the night before I left Texas we decided
that hey let's do something really crazy
we took the drums out to the street we
set up in the middle of 6th Street
I had a drum set and some drumsticks
drew a quite a big crowd and with no
mics there with all the music going on
around us it still drew a crowd it was
the loudest thing happening there's
louder than the music in the bars you
know I was so happy with the experience
that I had at South by Southwest with
the drums with them being as loud as
they were with the response on YouTube
at the time we were talking about
different colors that would work for the
album that my band was releasing and we
wanted to match obviously the theme of
the record the theme of of all the
design work for it so with the my
identity web application
I could really sit down and play around
with the different rim colors the
different shell colors of different
styles and I was able to really hone it
in and settle on a specific you know
theme and graphic for it and make that
work knowing that what I'm making now is
going to be the drum set that I'm going
to be using on my next tour I knew that
I would get it you know in a very short
period of time because the turnaround
time for these my identity drums is so
fast I mean I don't know of any other
drum company they can turn around a drum
set that's custom like this
at all I just don't I've never seen that
before when I actually got here to
Nashville to the maifix factory I was
given a tour of this whole place and
it's quite awesome I must say there are
shelves and shelves and shelves and
shelves of shells it was really cool for
me to actually pick up the the piece of
wood in its most you know basic form and
sort of hit the outside and get the true
tone of the drum in the corner of the
factory is where you get to the my
identity wraps because really when you
look at all the colors they look so cool
in all the different different ways you
can combine the colors in the rims it's
just really cool so from there what I
was shown was actually how you take the
bare wood drum and then get the shell
wrapped from there I mean it's just such
a precise thing I don't think I could do
it it's definitely something that takes
a little bit of a you know symmetry to
line it all up but from there we walked
through and I was able to check out all
the different hoop selections that you
could have I mean they literally have
aisle and aisle and I love hoops you
know they have the blues they have the
greens they have the orange they have
the red the whites black and it's just
it's just so cool to see where it all
gets put together and how it all gets
put together
guys Mapex for like here these were
yours have fun unwrap it it's Christmas
enjoy so I opened it up and uh you know
it's it's just such a cool feeling being
able to see like I said what I built the
look of how they how they sat with the
colors together it's just a really nice
match it just feels good looking at it
it really just got me fired up to want
to play so when I hit them there they
were cannons you know that's that's what
they sound like I mean they really do
they're huge they're cannons it's just
it's perfect it's exactly what it needs
I mean the sounds are there for what you
know will work really well in relation
to what's on our new record drums are
huge sounding and we wanted the Tom's to
sound like like I said big almost
different size kick drums as opposed to
high-pitched Tom's that really kind of
sit higher in the mix these are all
really low and they're supposed to punch
you hear and that's what these drums do
I mean for sure they hit you right in
the chest and with the snare that's on
my identity kit it's the perfect type of
tone where my sound engineer can
literally take it and mix it perfectly
so that it really cuts through the mix
and I just I know by how it sounds just
playing it in a room naturally how
that's going to cut and and I know he's
going to be excited about that so that's
really cool with three guitars with high
vocals with you know really heavy bass
guitar parts these drums need to cut and
I'm really confident that these drums
are going to cut in the best possible
way and I actually can't wait for the
rest of the guys in my band to see this
drum set it's going to be really cool
the bottom line is you know you really
just need to get online get on your
computer wherever you have internet go
to my identity may pecks Trump's calm
and play around with it yourself don't
just take my word for it you know had
the experience of building your own hit
I mean really your drum set it's not
going to be your friend's drum set it's
not going to be your neighbor's drum set
it's not going to be your favorite
drummers drum set it's literally going
to be your custom drum set